docs: Update contributing guide pages (#18346)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/contributing_guide.rst

   ``/test`` as described in :ref:`trigger_phrases`. If you are a core team
   member, you may trigger the CI run yourself.

   #. Basic static code analyzer by Github Action and Travis CI. If a job is

>       failed, please refer to build log for required action (e.g. Please run

Reviewer: Golang linter suggestions are added in-line on PRs.

Author: thanks, I didn't know about this feature as well, I have local post-push git hook to run `make lint precheck` :100:

   ``/test`` as described in :ref:`trigger_phrases`. If you are a core team
   member, you may trigger the CI run yourself.

   #. Basic static code analyzer by Github Action and Travis CI. Golang linter
      suggestions are added in-line on PRs. For other failed jobs, please refer

>       to build log for required action (e.g. Please run 'go mod tidy && go mod
>       vendor' and submit your changes, etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      to build log for required action (e.g. Please run ``go mod tidy && go mod
      vendor`` and submit your changes, etc).
```

Author: thanks :100:
